CLAUDE.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
src/azviz/__init__.py
src/azviz/cli.py
src/azviz/azure/__init__.py
src/azviz/azure/client.py
src/azviz/core/__init__.py
src/azviz/core/azviz.py
src/azviz/core/models.py
src/azviz/icons/__init__.py
src/azviz/icons/icon_manager.py
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/APIConnections.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/ApplicationGateway.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/AvailabilitySets.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/Connections.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/ContainerRegistries.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/DataFactories.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/DataLakeAnalytics.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/DiskSnapshots.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/Disks.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/EventHubClusters.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/EventHubs.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/FrontDoors.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/FunctionApps.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/KubernetesServices.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/LoadBalancers.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/LogAnalyticsWorkspaces.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/NetworkWatcher.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/ResourceGroups.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/Subscriptions.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/VMImages.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/appconfiguration.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/applicationinsights.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/appservices.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/automation.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/basics.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/cdnprofiles.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/containerinstances.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/cosmosdb.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/databricks.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/extensions.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/firewall.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/functions.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/insertItemDark.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/insertItemLight.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/keyvaults.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/label.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/managedidentities.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/mediaservices.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/networksecuritygroups.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/nic.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/nsg.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/outputs.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/parameters.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/publicip.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/redis.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/resources.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/routetables.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/servicefabric.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/solutions.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/sortDark.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/sortLight.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/sqlservers.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/steps.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/storageaccounts.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/storageblob.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/storagefile.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/storagequeue.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/storagetable.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/subnets.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/trafficmanagerprofiles.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/variables.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/virtualmachines.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/virtualmachinescalesets.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/virtualnetworkgateways.png
src/azviz/icons/azure_icons/General Service Icons/virtualnetworks.png
src/azviz/visualization/__init__.py
src/azviz/visualization/dot_generator.py
src/azviz/visualization/graph_builder.py
src/azviz/visualization/renderer.py
src/python_azviz.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/python_azviz.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/python_azviz.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/python_azviz.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/python_azviz.egg-info/requires.txt
src/python_azviz.egg-info/top_level.txt