.gitignore
.pytest.ini
.readthedocs.yaml
.travis.yml
AUTHORS.rst
CHANGELOG.md
CITATION.rst
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
TODO.md
env.yml
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
setup.json
setup.py
welcome.png
.github/experiment_workflows/example_workflow.yml
.github/experiment_workflows/on_commit.yml
.github/experiment_workflows/on_draft_release_creation.yml
.github/experiment_workflows/on_tag_creation_or_push.yml
.github/experiment_workflows/run_script_on_commit.yml
.github/scripts/summarize_pr_commits.py
.github/scripts/utils.py
.github/scripts/workflow_delete_release.py
.github/scripts/workflow_generate_changlog_on_recent_tag.py
.github/scripts/workflow_update_release_body.py
.github/workflows/pull-request-summary.yml
.github/workflows/python-publish.yml
PyProcar.egg-info/PKG-INFO
PyProcar.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
PyProcar.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
PyProcar.egg-info/entry_points.txt
PyProcar.egg-info/requires.txt
PyProcar.egg-info/top_level.txt
binder/apt.txt
binder/environment.yml
binder/postBuild
docs/Makefile
docs/make.bat
docs/source/conf.py
docs/source/errors.txt
docs/source/generate_yml_docs.py
docs/source/index.rst
docs/source/monokai_colors.py
docs/source/sg_execution_times.rst
docs/source/_static/nbsphinx-gallery.css
docs/source/_static/notebook.css
docs/source/_static/images/BiSb_monolayer Spin Rashba Effect.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/ElkvsVASP.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/ElkvsVASP.png
docs/source/_static/images/Gold Van Alphen Frequencies.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/Gold_Van Alphen.png
docs/source/_static/images/Graphene Dirac Point.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/Graphene_Dirac Point.png
docs/source/_static/images/NiTi2_fermi.png
docs/source/_static/images/PyProcar Repository Structure.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/SrVO3 Crystal Field Splitting.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/SrVO3_Crystal Field Splitting.png
docs/source/_static/images/band_structure_showcase.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/bands2d showcase.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/bands2d_showcase.png
docs/source/_static/images/bands_plain_dos_stack.png
docs/source/_static/images/bands_showcase.png
docs/source/_static/images/bandsdos-spin_polarized.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/bandsdos_parametric.png
docs/source/_static/images/bandsdos_plain.png
docs/source/_static/images/bisb_monolayer_Spin Rashba.PNG
docs/source/_static/images/continuousbands.png
docs/source/_static/images/dos_parameteric_line.png
docs/source/_static/images/dos_parametric.png
docs/source/_static/images/dos_plain_hor.png
docs/source/_static/images/dos_plain_ver.png
docs/source/_static/images/dos_showcase.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/dos_showcase.png
docs/source/_static/images/dos_stack.png
docs/source/_static/images/dos_stack_orbitals.png
docs/source/_static/images/dos_stack_species.png
docs/source/_static/images/fermi2d_showcase.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/fermi2d_showcase.png
docs/source/_static/images/fermi3d showcase.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/fermi3d_showcase.png
docs/source/_static/images/orbitals.png
docs/source/_static/images/pyprocar_structure_overview.pdf
docs/source/_static/images/pyprocar_structure_overview.png
docs/source/_static/images/welcome.png
docs/source/_templates/autosummary/base.rst
docs/source/_templates/autosummary/class.rst
docs/source/_templates/autosummary/module.rst
docs/source/api/index.rst
docs/source/api/cfg/band_structure.rst
docs/source/api/cfg/band_structure_2d.rst
docs/source/api/cfg/dos.rst
docs/source/api/cfg/fermi_surface_2d.rst
docs/source/api/cfg/fermi_surface_3d.rst
docs/source/api/cfg/index.rst
docs/source/api/cfg/unfold.rst
docs/source/api/core/brillouin_zone.rst
docs/source/api/core/dos.rst
docs/source/api/core/ebs.rst
docs/source/api/core/fermi2d.rst
docs/source/api/core/fermi3d.rst
docs/source/api/core/index.rst
docs/source/api/core/isosurface.rst
docs/source/api/core/kpath.rst
docs/source/api/core/structure.rst
docs/source/api/core/surface.rst
docs/source/api/io/abinit.rst
docs/source/api/io/bxsf.rst
docs/source/api/io/index.rst
docs/source/api/io/lobster.rst
docs/source/api/io/qe.rst
docs/source/api/io/siesta.rst
docs/source/api/io/vasp.rst
docs/source/api/plotter/bandsplot.rst
docs/source/api/plotter/dosplot.rst
docs/source/api/plotter/index.rst
docs/source/api/plotter/procarplot.rst
docs/source/api/pyposcar/index.rst
docs/source/api/pyposcar/poscar.rst
docs/source/api/pyposcar/poscarutils.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/bandgap.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/bandsdosplot.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/bandsplot.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/cat.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/dosplot.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/fermi2d.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/fermihandler.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/generate2dkmesh.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/index.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/kpath.rst
docs/source/api/scripts/repair.rst
docs/source/dftprep/abinit.rst
docs/source/dftprep/dftb+.rst
docs/source/dftprep/elk.rst
docs/source/dftprep/index.rst
docs/source/dftprep/lobster.rst
docs/source/dftprep/qe.rst
docs/source/dftprep/siesta.rst
docs/source/dftprep/vasp.rst
docs/source/getting-started/authors.rst
docs/source/getting-started/index.rst
docs/source/getting-started/installation.rst
docs/source/getting-started/why.rst
docs/source/images/1st_publication.png
docs/source/images/2nd_publication.png
docs/source/images/ElkvsVASP.pdf
docs/source/images/ElkvsVASP.png
docs/source/images/bands_plain_dos_stack.png
docs/source/images/bandsdos_parametric.png
docs/source/images/bandsdos_plain.png
docs/source/images/continuousbands.png
docs/source/images/dos_overlay.png
docs/source/images/dos_overlay_orbitals.png
docs/source/images/dos_overlay_species.png
docs/source/images/dos_parameteric_line.png
docs/source/images/dos_parametric.png
docs/source/images/dos_parametric_line.png
docs/source/images/dos_plain_hor.png
docs/source/images/dos_plain_ver.png
docs/source/images/dos_stack.png
docs/source/images/dos_stack_orbitals.png
docs/source/images/dos_stack_species.png
docs/source/images/examples.png
docs/source/images/orbitals.png
docs/source/images/welcome.png
docs/source/images/auto-generated/2d_slice.png
docs/source/media/images/PyProcar-logo.png
docs/source/user-guide/atomic_projections.rst
docs/source/user-guide/bands.rst
docs/source/user-guide/cat.rst
docs/source/user-guide/comparebands.rst
docs/source/user-guide/dos.rst
docs/source/user-guide/ebs.rst
docs/source/user-guide/fermi2d.rst
docs/source/user-guide/fermi3d.rst
docs/source/user-guide/filter.rst
docs/source/user-guide/index.rst
docs/source/user-guide/kpath.rst
docs/source/user-guide/repair.rst
docs/source/user-guide/structure.rst
docs/source/user-guide/unfold.rst
examples/README.rst
examples/index.rst
examples/00-band_structure/00-Getting Started.ipynb
examples/00-band_structure/01-Dealing with Spin.ipynb
examples/00-band_structure/02-Comparing Bands.ipynb
examples/00-band_structure/03-Band Unfolding.ipynb
examples/00-band_structure/04-Auto Bands.ipynb
examples/00-band_structure/05-Inverse Participation Ration Projection.ipynb
examples/00-band_structure/06-Plotting Atomic Levels.ipynb
examples/00-band_structure/07-Plotting 2D Band Structure.ipynb
examples/01-dos/00-Getting Started.ipynb
examples/01-dos/01-Dealing with Spin.ipynb
examples/01-dos/02-Comparing DOS.ipynb
examples/02-fermi2d/00-Getting Started.ipynb
examples/02-fermi2d/01-Dealing with Spin.ipynb
examples/02-fermi2d/02-Rashba Spin Splitting.ipynb
examples/04-fermi3d/00-Getting Started.ipynb
examples/04-fermi3d/01-Dealing with Spin.ipynb
examples/04-fermi3d/02-De Hass Van Alphen Frequencies.ipynb
pyprocar/__init__.py
pyprocar/_version.py
pyprocar/version.py
pyprocar/cfg/README.md
pyprocar/cfg/__init__.py
pyprocar/cfg/band_structure.py
pyprocar/cfg/band_structure_2d.py
pyprocar/cfg/band_structure_2d.yml
pyprocar/cfg/base.py
pyprocar/cfg/dos.py
pyprocar/cfg/dos.yml
pyprocar/cfg/fermi_surface_2d.py
pyprocar/cfg/fermi_surface_2d.yml
pyprocar/cfg/fermi_surface_3d.py
pyprocar/cfg/package.yml
pyprocar/cfg/unfold.py
pyprocar/cfg/unfold.yml
pyprocar/core/__init__.py
pyprocar/core/bandstructure2D.py
pyprocar/core/brillouin_zone.py
pyprocar/core/dos.py
pyprocar/core/ebs.py
pyprocar/core/fermisurface.py
pyprocar/core/fermisurface3D.py
pyprocar/core/fermisurface3Dnew.py
pyprocar/core/isosurface.py
pyprocar/core/kpath.py
pyprocar/core/procarselect.py
pyprocar/core/procarsymmetry.py
pyprocar/core/serializer.py
pyprocar/core/structure.py
pyprocar/core/surface.py
pyprocar/core/procarunfold/__init__.py
pyprocar/core/procarunfold/_bak.procarparser.py
pyprocar/core/procarunfold/fatband.py
pyprocar/core/procarunfold/procar_unfolder.py
pyprocar/core/procarunfold/unfolder.py
pyprocar/io/__init__.py
pyprocar/io/abinit.py
pyprocar/io/bxsf.py
pyprocar/io/dftbplus.py
pyprocar/io/elk.py
pyprocar/io/frmsf.py
pyprocar/io/lobster.py
pyprocar/io/parser.py
pyprocar/io/procarparser.py
pyprocar/io/siesta.py
pyprocar/io/vasp.py
pyprocar/io/qe/__init__.py
pyprocar/io/qe/core.py
pyprocar/io/qe/projwfc.py
pyprocar/io/qe/pw.py
pyprocar/io/qe/utils.py
pyprocar/plotter/__init__.py
pyprocar/plotter/bs_2d_plot.py
pyprocar/plotter/dos_plot.py
pyprocar/plotter/ebs_plot.py
pyprocar/plotter/fermi3d_plot.py
pyprocar/plotter/procarplot.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/__init__.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/autoSelect.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/chg_raw.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/clusters.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/db.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/dbCovalentBond.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/defects.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/generalUtils.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/globalConectivity.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/honeycomb.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/latticeUtils.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/outcarParser.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/plot3d.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/plotBands.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/plotbands.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/poscar.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/poscarUtils.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/rdf.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/relax-cell-2d.py
pyprocar/pyposcar/test.py
pyprocar/scripts/__init__.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptAutoBandsplot.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptBandGap.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptBandStructure2DHandler.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptBandsDosplot.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptBandsplot.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptCat.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptDosplot.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptFermi2D.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptFermiHandler.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptFilter.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptKmesh2D.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptKpath.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptRepair.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptSpin_asymmetry.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptUnfold.py
pyprocar/scripts/scriptVector.py
pyprocar/utils/__init__.py
pyprocar/utils/config.py
pyprocar/utils/data_utils.py
pyprocar/utils/default_settings.ini
pyprocar/utils/defaults.py
pyprocar/utils/download_examples.py
pyprocar/utils/elements.py
pyprocar/utils/info.py
pyprocar/utils/log_utils.py
pyprocar/utils/mathematics.py
pyprocar/utils/np_utils.py
pyprocar/utils/physics_constants.py
pyprocar/utils/plot_utils.py
pyprocar/utils/procarfilefilter.py
pyprocar/utils/scriptFermi3D.py
pyprocar/utils/sorting.py
pyprocar/utils/splash.py
pyprocar/utils/strings.py
pyprocar/utils/unfolder.py
pyprocar/utils/units.py
pyprocar/utils/utilsprocar.py
scripts/dftb+2procar.py
scripts/download.py
scripts/poscar.py
scripts/procar
scripts/procar.py
scripts/tmp.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/io/__init__.py
tests/io/test_parsers.py
tests/io/qe/__init__.py
tests/io/vasp/__init__.py
tests/io/vasp/test_kpoints.py
tests/io/vasp/test_outcar.py
tests/io/vasp/test_vaspxml.py
tests/pyposcar/ERRORS
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR-7-9-B.vasp
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR-7-9.vasp
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR-C3Si.vasp
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR-C4.vasp
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR-C6.vasp
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR-C6H.vasp
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR-SiV.vasp
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR-V2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/POSCAR-nv.vasp
tests/pyposcar/run.py
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9-B.vasp_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9-B.vasp_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9-B.vasp_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9-B.vasp_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9-B.vasp_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9-B.vasp_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9-B.vasp_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9-B.vasp_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9.vasp_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9.vasp_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9.vasp_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9.vasp_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9.vasp_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9.vasp_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9.vasp_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-7-9.vasp_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C3Si.vasp_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C3Si.vasp_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C3Si.vasp_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C3Si.vasp_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C3Si.vasp_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C3Si.vasp_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C3Si.vasp_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C3Si.vasp_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C4.vasp_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C4.vasp_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C4.vasp_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C4.vasp_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C4.vasp_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C4.vasp_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C4.vasp_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C4.vasp_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6.vasp_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6.vasp_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6.vasp_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6.vasp_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6.vasp_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6.vasp_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6.vasp_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6.vasp_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6H.vasp_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6H.vasp_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6H.vasp_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6H.vasp_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6H.vasp_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6H.vasp_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6H.vasp_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-C6H.vasp_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-SiV.vasp_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-SiV.vasp_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-SiV.vasp_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-SiV.vasp_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-SiV.vasp_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-SiV.vasp_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-SiV.vasp_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-SiV.vasp_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-V2.vasp_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-V2.vasp_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-V2.vasp_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-V2.vasp_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-V2.vasp_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-V2.vasp_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-V2.vasp_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-V2.vasp_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-nv.vasp_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-nv.vasp_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-nv.vasp_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-nv.vasp_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-nv.vasp_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-nv.vasp_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-nv.vasp_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR-nv.vasp_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR_cluster-h1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR_cluster-h2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR_cluster-n1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR_cluster-n2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR_cluster-s1.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR_cluster-s2.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR_cluster.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/POSCAR_defect.vasp
tests/pyposcar/results/error-h1
tests/pyposcar/results/error-h2
tests/pyposcar/results/results
tests/pyposcar/results/results-n1
tests/pyposcar/results/results-n2
tests/pyprocar/core/test_structure.py
tests/scripts/compress_test_data.py
tests/scripts/download_test_data.py
tests/scripts/extract_ideal_test_data.py
tests/scripts/upload_test_data.py
tests/scripts/utils.py
tests/utils/__init__.py
tests/utils/base_test.py
tests/utils/data.py